have you ever wondered what would happen
if mr b's channel was a little more
dangerous no well too bad welcome to
squid wait wrong version okay here we go
we start things off focusing in on a
loser in his apartment eating breakfast
relatable meets young gihon a jobless
disrespectful lounger who still lives
with his mom
listen man you're not alone after
withdrawing some money from an atm we
see gihon and his friend at a horse race
cheering away after some initial
failures gehun's bets finally pay off
winning him four and a half million won
over jord he shares some of the wealth
of the perceptionists before leaving
outside he calls his daughter but in the
middle of their conversation a group of
men call him prompting him to run as
gihon runs he knocks an inconspicuous
girl down who will definitely not be
important later the men finally corner
gihon in the bathroom and it looks like
he's been captured by some serious sigma
males after they threatened him
concerning some money he owes he reaches
for it in his pocket but
it's gone wait a second you little
rascal anyway the lone shark toys with
gihon smacking him around a bit before
departing after winning a mystery box of
the arcade with the help of an alpha
chad we count to him enjoying a night
out with his daughter who seems just
ecstatic to be there gihon gives his
daughter the mystery box and after
opening it finds out that he just gifted
his daughter a gun don't worry though
it's just lighter which means it's
totally safe for 10 year old child after
that disastrous surprise he gives her
ride home to her mother defeated by the
day gihun misses his train ride and must
wait on a bench suddenly a mysterious
fellow sits next to him and tries to
strike up a conversation but gets shot
down by gihon who thinks he's just a guy
trying to breach his religion that is
until the man opens up a briefcase with
some origami and what jeff bezos made
since this video started beat me in this
game and you win a hundred thousand won
but if i win you must pay me the same
amount kihun considers it but looks
hesitant oh and did i mention you get to
go first with that kihun agrees and
proceeds to give it his all and fails
miserably seeing that gihon obviously
can't pay the 100 000 won the
businessman gives him an alternative
every time i win i will slap you to make
up for the money gehen agrees and
proceeds to get the ever living
beat out of him until finally he manages
to flip over the paper prompting him to
celebrate as if he just won the olympics
as kihun holds his newly earned cash
like a discord moderator holds their
body bellow the businessman says i know
who you are kihoon and i know you owe
millions to loan sharks and banks play a
game with me and i will give you all the
money you will ever need the man gives
him a playstation i mean business card
with a phone number on the back before
getting on the newly arrived train and
disappearing giehun arrives at home and
after giving his mother the earnings
from his game learns that his daughter
will have to move to the u.s with her
mom and her husband unless gihun can
support her financially well guess i'm
never seeing my daughter again oh wait
he calls the number on the back of the
card and waits outside then a van pulls
up with a hooded figure and some other
sleepy passengers i guess everyone's
pretty tired gihon gets in and is
immediately knocked out by some sleepy
go bye-bye gas later he awakens in a
large room filled with beds and people
as a group of mass figures watches them
through tiny cameras gihon gets out of
bed and meets an old man with a brain
tumor he wears a jumpsuit with the
number 001 which is basically a lame
version of double 07. gihon looks down
to see that his number is 456 aligning
with the number on a big tv in the room
a fight breaks out between a large
tattooed man and the money thief from
earlier oh yeah she's here too as gihon
goes to confront the pickpocket a group
of armed men pull up and address the
audience welcome to the games you will
be playing six games over six days if
you win we'll pay you hella cash after
the answer a few questions from the
audience they have the participants sign
a consent form and then lead them to a
picture room afterwards the participants
are let out to the first game red light
green light as they are getting ready
gihon sees a man he knows by the name of
sang wu a super nerd who was supposedly
in college probably gotten death from
tier 3 subbing to twitch streamers
typical anyway back to the game their
opponent this thing it's like chucky but
with guns a red line can be seen at the
other end of the field and if they cross
it they win oh i've already played this
in roblox shit's easy the game starts
and they'll most take it slow two guys
try to race neck and neck recklessly
until one of them is caught by the doll
hey
panic breaks out the terrified
participants try to run but are gunned
down mercilessly no fair i'm pretty sure
that thing has aimbot as the last
runners are mowed down by the hacker
doll the game continues with those who
are left which well isn't a lot as the
remaining players try to run in their
likely piss soak jumpsuits the demonic
doll shows no mercy
wait a second this guy doesn't give up
eventually a few people make it
including the tumor boomer and sang wu
gihun tries to make a run for it but
slips right as the doll is turning
around huh that's weird usually gravity
isn't supposed to work like that oh wait
he realizes that he was saved by the
biggest bro in the world seriously bless
up to this guy get yourself a man like
this giehun and his newfound bro make it
right as the timer goes off cementing
the fates of the other players who
hadn't crossed the line
the episode ends with a zoom out reveal
that well let's just say i don't think
they're getting found anytime soon the
next episode begins with the surviving
201 players back in their bunk beds
they're getting ready for what's about
to be the most depressing sleepover ever
the playstation mascots come back in and
the survivors beg to be let go can i go
home even sangwoo chimes in reminding
everyone of a rule in the consent form
that states that they could vote to end
the game the hooded figures agree but
are sure to remind them what they have
at stake a giant piggy bank descends
from the roof and begins filling up with
cash equaling 25.5 billion won hey maybe
this dying ain't so bad they take
it to a poll and decide that wants to
stop the game wins by a single vote
surprisingly the games are actually
stopped and each participant is dropped
off where they live as these survivors
are returned to society they realize in
their own ways just how greatly the gay
money could benefit them later giehun
the sussy snitch tries to report the
event and he goes smooth as ever
just kidding each participant realizes
that without money they can't afford
netflix and like properly fixing their
lives and stuff bummer meanwhile gehun's
bro ali gives his boss a hand
or rather takes it bazinga on gihon's
end of things we learned that his mom
has diabetes and needs 2 million want
for surgery bet you wish you had stayed
in the game now huh eventually a
detective hears from the police officers
about gehun's crazy tale huh now that i
think about it my friend disappeared
randomly too the detective is beginning
to see a connection he confronts kihun
but gets blown off but can you blame him
he's had kind of a crazy week as gehun
gets to his front door he finds another
playstation gift card looks like the
games are back on and it seems at this
time the survivors ain't so eager to
leave the episode ends with each player
waiting outside as a familiar van pulls
up to each of them next up we catch up
with one snoopy boy wang junho following
the soccer mom vance their super secret
hideout spot juno makes his way under a
van before sneaking inside
wow this guy is a savage killed this
poor guy for no reason then he realizes
that the red jumpsuit is just his style
so he drips himself out meanwhile the
players wake up once again rocking those
jumpsuits while gihun and sengwu set up
their team the snake tattoo guy makes
his own oh yeah and this weirdo is
important now later pip-pock lady named
sebiok sneaks into a vent in the
bathroom and sees the red hood stirring
sugar weird but it won't be important
though the next day the players led to
the next game located in a giant
playground made for your mother there
are four doors with four symbols a
triangle circle star and umbrella the
players are instructed to line up at one
of the doors each player of giehun's
squad picks a different shape then the
doors open to reveal tables full of tin
containers what's inside honeycomb with
corresponding shapes carved into each
piece each player is instructed to use
their toothpicks to carve out their
shapes well gee hoon i think you're
out of luck i'm screwed yeah that is by
far the hardest shape soon enough
players start to break their honeycombs
but get free bullets as rewards
saying woo ally and sebiok make it while
gihun and tumor boomer are struggling my
man is seriously stressing but then he
realizes wait a minute doesn't honeycomb
melt he proceeds to show us why he's a
hit with the ladies
he looks away like he's never licked
before like his life depends on it oh
wait it'd do be that way after
witnessing the brilliance of this
absolute madman the others start to do
the same and eventually giehun is licked
enough away to save himself the old man
triumphs as well move over ally looks
like yohon found a better bromance the
timer concludes and those remaining are
left to die however this chad doesn't
want to die so he grabs a gun and holds
a square mask guy hostage the chad wants
to see
and the masked man obliges huh he's so
cute i'll never be that cute
right in time to miss the main sigma
mail of the entire game the front man he
kills the square mass for unmasking then
a disguised junho who was present at the
game takes the dead man's mask yoink
giehun meets back up with the squad
where they see the piggy bank fill up
with more money 79 players were
eliminated so that means 7.9 billion won
was just added to the prize pot man
that's almost enough to avoid a single
band-aid in the u.s the players are
given a glass of soda and an egg for
their meal unfortunately a few are too
late and their meal gets stolen by the
tattoo guy one of the tardy people gets
mad and confronts him but gets a not too
pleasant gift in return
the players panic until the piggy bank
starts to glow and money is added to it
that can't be good now that they know
that they can kill players to increase
the prize pot people are quick to make
alliances and the once peaceful room is
now full of tension as lights out draws
closer kihun invites seibu yoke to his
bed bold go get him tiger the lights go
out and his scream can be heard
everyone panics his tattoo guy isis lady
who had snitched on him to the guards
during the chaos dozens are killed
brutally but fortunately our favorite
old dude steps in hey kids knock it off
with all that killing will ya the lights
come back on and the dead are hauled out
the survivors are tired bloody and
beaten the next day some familiar
classical music plays over the speaker
announcing that the next game will begin
shortly gihun and sengwu try to make a
team of ten people featuring seibiok ali
the old man and four random people but
wait we only have nine
ah there we go the next game they play
is tug of war pull the opposing team
over the edge and they die simple right
first up is tattoo guy's team versus
some randoms i wonder how fair this will
uh
makes sense next match is goohun's team
versus a team full of some pretty strong
guys oh guys things ain't looking
too good hey i have an idea what if we
just stop pulling what that's a terrible
idea no trust me try
it oh almost died there but in the
process they unbalanced the other team
and were able to claim victory ah close
call afterwards they can be seen resting
in the sleeping quarters much of the
shock of the sigma male team that was
already chilling after the games gehun
and his team decide to use their r r
time to build a fort from pieces of the
bunk beds this attracts the attention of
tattoo guy who laughs at his team you
really think this fort will keep you
safe tonight hey man worry about
yourself do you really think your team
is above betrayal oh crap kihun just hit
him with the reverse uno and it was
super effective tattoo guy smile quickly
turns to shock as he realizes the
trouble he could be in looks like giuhun
just bought a little time for himself we
catch our boy juno following a fellow
guard into a secret area we learned that
a group of rider hoods has been using a
player who is a surgeon to extract and
sell the organs of newly deceased
players to the black market for some
dough a smart business strategy if i
might add then juno who has clearly
never played among us is suspected of
being an imposter you sassy bacca tell
me who you are unless you want to die no
you
now compromised juno starts to search
for a way out bingo he climbs through
the hatch and enters a dusty old room
full of archives of past squid games
they date all the way back to the 80s
eventually he finds his brother's name
apparently he was the winner of the 2015
squid game sus meanwhile the surgeon
freaks out upon hearing that the red
hoods which have been telling him which
game he'll be playing next in exchange
for his help do not know what game
they'll be playing next in response the
surgeon goes rogue he takes his cable
and kills a triangle but before his kill
cooldown can recharge the other triangle
the room tries to fight back the surgeon
runs away and the triangle gives chase
eventually they run back into the giant
playground where the triangle tries to
talk him down even takes his mask off
hey dummy remember what happened to the
last guy who did that
fortunately the discord moderator bans
him for disobeying the rules then he
addresses the other goons i don't care
that you guys were selling organs but
you can't be given out unfair advantages
as the front man leaves the scene his
buddies give the surgeon a nice helping
of lead because of the incident the
players are woken up by siren and forced
to move to the center of the room
soldiers enter and one of them hassles
the now sickled man for chilling in bed
fortunately gihon comes to his aid he
ain't chilling he's old uh oh peepee
don't worry gihon is now a master of the
bromance arts and gives the old man a
jacket to cover his upsie with the
players are led to their next game where
they must pick one partner to play with
gihon pairs up with our favorite senior
citizen after everyone picks a partner
except for her they are directed
upstairs with the front menace but the
surgeon and his accomplice on display i
guess he left them hanging bazinga the
next game takes them to a room full of
alleyways each team is handed two bags
full of marbles interesting this
challenge is actually pretty terrifying
and how simple it is the objective
collect all your partner's marbles
through a game of your choosing that's
right the partners will be playing
against each other for the right to live
and no violence is allowed the games
start and each pair starts playing
against each other except for gihon his
partner has gone a little senile or a
lot eventually he gets them to play a
little game of guess how many marbles i
have in my sack i thought all guys had
two but i guess that's just me gihon
eventually gets down to his last marble
but saves himself with the clutch gas in
the background people start to catch
bullets as the tensions heat up though
looks like giehun has turned things
around regretfully taking advantage of
the old man's declining mental state our
old boy can be seen talking about
wanting to buy his son a toy robot for
his birthday i am very sad now meanwhile
sengwu finds himself on the losing end
of a game though he's got an idea maybe
you could find teams that don't have a
winner yet and we can take their marbles
okay ellie heads out but not before
leaving his marbles with sang woo for
safe keeping of course
a little bit later ali returns and looks
for his missing partner as the timer
draws near ellie opens his sack and
finds pebbles oh no sengwu did our man's
dirty ally the bro who saved giuhun's
life has just lost the game more and
more people start to lose their friends
of the game including sabioke whose
partner willingly lost to her and tattoo
guy who nearly won against one of his
goons back to gihon he watches as the
old man wanders off with his final
marble while recounting how he would
watch his son play with his friends the
old man smiling all the while gives his
final marble to gihon and says we are
best buds and best buds share everything
with each other no matter what oh
i'm gonna cry giehun walks away as the
intercom announces player one eliminated
rip in peace the next episode starts
with the front man requesting a status
update on the intruder juno find them
quickly the discord nitro users will
arrive soon fromman then walks down to
his office and makes a phone call in
english weird he hangs up the phone and
as he is about to leave he turns around
i know you're here this isn't how i left
my phone things don't look good for a
hiding junho froman gets closer and
closer to finding him but juno is
ultimately saved by the radio we found a
body on the island coast front man walks
off to check out the body leaving our
favorite detective to breathe a sigh of
relief the players now cut in half
wobble back into the sleeping quarters
to find none other than player 212 the
only person who couldn't find a partner
last game this especially affects tattoo
guy who uh had some intimate moments
with her then six men in golden mass
arrive to the island and inside a
seventh called the host is acknowledged
the front man invites the six masked men
called the vips to the facility
apparently they have been digitally
watching the game up until this point on
twitch of course and are now here to
watch the finale in person even weirder
they all speak english and most are
european and american hence the size of
some of them one of the vips asked about
the whereabouts of the host and is told
that they were unable to attend the game
due to an emergency as the vips entered
the spectator area they see on a screen
that player 69 is making a noose with a
blanket turns out one of them bet a lot
of money that he'd win so much for that
what convinced you to bet so much on 69.
oh it's
such a beautiful number
ah a man of culture in another part of
the facility a black mass waiter walks
through a hallway and gets held up by
juno who proceeds to steal his drip and
tie him up back at the sleeping quarters
the lights come on as four men cough and
dance their way into the room to deal
with 69 who is indeed dead he was unable
to live with the guilt having killed his
wife in the marbles game later the
remaining 16 players are led to the
penultimate game each of them choose a
number between 1 and 16 and are taken to
a room with a glass bridge the deal with
the game is that you have to get to the
other side but there's a catch there are
two pieces of glass on every step one is
tempered and can hold the person while
the other is normal glass oh and one
more thing they have to go in numerical
order and it's timed doesn't look too
good for gee hoon who picks 16. number
one starts and is doing a great job
for the most part as the players try to
get across each getting farther and
farther before falling one of the vips
makes some moves towards a disguised
juno forcing him to sit next to the
tiger mask and get subjected to his
weird romantic compliments what pretty
eyes you have the tiger mask vip tries
to get him to take his mask off but gets
rejected which sends him into a rage to
calm him down juno asks him to take the
two of them to a private place juno you
dirty dog wow really dirty juno takes
off the tiger mask to reveal oh wow who
could have guessed rich old guy if you
can satisfy me in five minutes you might
live now tell me about the game back to
the game more and more people are
falling off but as they do the survivors
get closer and closer to the end one guy
even starts to pray holding off everyone
else the guy behind him isn't a big fan
and tries to push him off
bruh luckily the next guy actually
succeeds
the guy who pushed the priest out looks
back it was behind him tattoo guy please
don't push me off why would i you need
to cross so i can finally the players
have been whittled down enough so that
gihon can start but with less than 10
minutes remaining he better hope that
nobody gets cold feet the guy in front
of tattoo guy finally falls leaving
tattoo guy without any backup because of
this he refuses to move and tells the
guy behind him to go ahead or they all
die but that's against the rules and the
guy behind him tries to get him to go
but gets pushed off himself by player
212. uh-oh looks like you just got the
worst possible person behind you tattoo
guy 212 jumps hot to him holding him
tightly you betrayed me now die with
that she launches herself backwards
sacrificing herself to finally kill him
meanwhile noticing that the tiger mask
vip is still not back from his little
retreat frontman calls for someone to
check on him only to be told that he was
found unconscious and that the waiter is
missing with this frontman leaves to
look for their intruder going back into
his office he checks the trap door and
sees juno at the bottom smirking as he
leaves with all the evidence in the
world to take down the games now only
four people remain at the glass game a
homeless dude sang woo sabiok and gihon
luckily for them the homeless guy used
to be a glass manufacturer how
convenient because of this he can tell
which pain is tempered and which is not
he uses the strategy to get to the very
last plane and the vip's gawking
strategy to counter this a newly
returned front man shuts off the lights
to prevent him from looking at the
refraction as the timer hits one minute
the glass manufacturer panics but he
gets a helping hand from sengwu
thank you sengwu very cool the three
remaining survivors make it but the
timer runs out making all of the other
planes of glass behind them explode for
literally no reason each of them gets
hit by glass but not too badly right say
the oak back to juno the red hoods break
into where frontman saw him only to find
nobody there and a diving tank missing
prepare the boat and get ready after
some time juno makes it to the shore and
starts his trek up a giant mountain to
find service so he can check tick to i
mean expose the games in their entirety
he makes it to the top of the mountain
but here's a gunshot in the distance he
turns around to see the front man in his
goons who just destroyed his diving tank
oh well who needs oxygen anyways juno
sends his police friendly evidence and
runs off while the front man falls in
pursuit he gets cornered on the edge of
a cliff and pulls out a revolver the
front man confronts him do you really
think you have the signal to send your
evidence all the way out here if you put
your gun down and give me the phone i
might let you live juno refuses and
reads his pistol but the front man has a
fun fact to share korean police can only
hold three shots in their pistol and
you've already fired two well that's
some anyway juno posits that
that's still more than enough to kill
him the front man takes a step forward
and gets a new hole for his troubles
though it doesn't hit anything vital but
nonetheless from man tells his men to
stand down now out of bullets juno
lowers his weapon who the hell are you
anyway the front man takes off his mask
to reveal that he's in fact juno's
brother inho he offers out his hand but
gets rejected azino raises his pistol
juno asks one question brother why then
inho shoots his brother in the shoulder
and he falls off the cliff splashing
into the waters below meanwhile sengwu
sebiok and giehun the remaining
survivors are escorted back to the
sleeping quarters only three beds remain
in the room now leaving the place
completely empty gehun chastises sangui
for killing the man and saying woo
counters saying that he told gihon he
would do anything for that money and
that's why clickbait before anything can
come out of their argument masked men
come in and announce that they are the
finalists they brought them some cool
suits as a gift later in the bathroom
sabio tends to her minor flesh wound she
takes out the glass and wraps herself up
don't worry i'm sure she'll be fine the
three phyllis donned their dripped out
suits and enter a luxurious dining room
they all eat their steak each eyeing one
another sus viciously this reminds me of
that one game can't remember the name
though after they finish their feast the
plates are taken away and each of them
are left with a single knife afterwards
each player sits at their bed trying
hard not to doze off kihoon goes over
the saboku who is looking a little worse
for wear he successfully defuses an
untrustworthy saviok by showing her that
he doesn't mean any harm they sit down
and talk about what they want to do with
the money when they get out she tells
him about her brother who lives in an
orphanage apparently they fled from the
north and were separated as sapio didn't
have the money to care for him she tries
to get giehun to swear to her that he'll
take care of her brother if he wins but
gihon gets distracted by sengu who just
fell asleep as he draws his knife sabiok
falls to her injury drawing him back to
her he sees her wound and runs to the
door trying to get help the door
surprisingly opens and gihon is relieved
until he sees that they're carrying a
coffin he slowly turns around to see
none other than sangwoo standing over
sabjoke with a newly bloodied knife
furious gehun lunges at sangwoo but gets
tackled before he can take revenge only
two remain and one final game is yet to
be played oh and by the way juno
actually isn't dead he was saved by his
brother who removed the bullet from his
shoulder so at least someone had a happy
ending moving on towards the final game
sengwu and giehun flip a coin to choose
who plays offense and who plays defense
looks like gihon is on the attacking
side what exactly is the final game none
other than squid game that's right the
game is named after the show just
kidding it's the other way around it's a
children's game in korea the vips watch
on from a booth as the two are led back
to the first game field where they
played red light green light basically
in this game the attacker otherwise
known as the squid must run past the
defense and tap the area at the top of
the arena to win the defense on the
other hand must get the attacker outside
of the arena by any means necessary the
final catch any violence is permitted
and they each still have their knives if
one of them dies the one left standing
is the victor gehen looks at sang with a
serious face and proceeds to enter the
arena but not before grabbing a handful
of sand giun hops on one foot which is a
handicap given to the squid he must hop
away until he crosses the squid's neck
whatever the heck that means sengwu
tries to stop kihun from crossing the
neck but before he can get a hit off
he's gifted with the face full of sand
sand gehun crosses the neck with both of
his feet and as the real game begins the
plot god decides to make it rain
creating the perfect dramatic atmosphere
then the two draw their knives and begin
to duel sengu gets his adversary in a
choke hold but gets swiped in the face
in return gingham retaliates by kicking
away his knife but ends up getting his
slapped away just moments later now the
two are left with nothing but their
fists they begin wailing on each other
each getting off solid hits on the other
the vips enjoy their version of ufc as
the two brutally fight to the death
eventually sangwoo finds kihon's knife
and stabs him in the leg with it sending
him to the ground so many played with us
and now they're dead everyone but us
kihoon as sangwoo prepares for the final
hit with the knife gihon tanks the hit
in his hand and uses the time he bought
to walking dead sengwu in the ankle
he gets on top of sengwu and beats him
down you killed them you killed them all
he takes the knife out of his hand and
with a final look at his buddy's bloody
face charges the knife down his
opponents wait gehun i think you missed
unable to finish the job he hobbles over
to the top of the arena but before he
enters it he turns around and tells the
guard who's about to shoot sangwoo that
he wants to end it as the vips look on
in shock gihyun uses sengwu's strategy
and recites clause 3 of their consent
form the game must end if the majority
agrees the masked man radios his
revelation to the front man much to the
eye of the vips he's so close to victory
and he wants to end it i guess rich
people don't have morals looking at you
jeff bezos gihyun reaches a handout
towards sangwoo he almost accepts but
instead gives gihon the victory by going
to heaven and with that gihon is the
winner of the squid game the brand new
billionaire sits in a limo and while
blindfolded talks to the front man who
are you anyway the front man puts his
mouse on and lets loose a smelly gas
later giehun is dumped into the streets
still blindfolded a holy looking fellow
sees the beaten man and unties him as
gehun awakens he spits out a yellow
debit card he goes to an atm and uses
the card to extract 10 000 won he looks
at the machine in awe reading the number
on the screen 45 gazillion billion
jillion won congratulations now you can
afford an average ambulance ride in
america afterwards gihon goes home in
search of his mother he finds her but
she's sleeping okay but really she's
gone rest in peace we fast forward one
year later it looks like not much has
changed for kihun besides a new look he
meets with a bank manager but something
doesn't seem right while the bank
manager tries to ask him about why he
hasn't used any of his fortune gihon
stands up may i please borrow ten
thousand won the bank manager confused
gives it to him and giehun leaves that
night he sits at the edge of the water
looking as if nothing has changed for
him then a woman comes up to him and
asks him if he would like a flower he
buys one and the lady puts it beside him
before leaving but wait what's with that
weird card in the flowers and why is
there a date time and place on that card
with some weird symbols on it sus
time to investigate gihen enters the
building and heads to the seventh floor
where he sees a figure sitting in a
hospital bed by the window but wait
that's not just any figure that's right
it's kihun's supposed bro tumor boomer
aka illnom the now bald man greets
giuhun who is just as confused as ever
he realizes that the old man was behind
it all and he begs for answers ilnam
calmly points to a homeless man in the
street and makes a game if someone helps
him before midnight you win but if
nobody helps him before midnight and he
dies i win however gihon has played
enough games and decides he's tired of
the old man as he's about to ice
him he stops after illness offers an
explanation if giehun plays along just
to be sure giehun puts up one final bet
if i win i get to kill you without a
final thought
the pair watched a homeless man as ilnam
gives his explanation basically while
his name and his tumor were real his
status was not he's actually a wealthy
money lender while he talks someone
could be seen almost helping the man in
the street but instead walks away illnom
continues i had so much money that life
just got boring my clients all said the
same thing eventually so we decided to
make the games to finally have some fun
kihun chastises him but gets reminded
everyone in the game chooses to
participate everyone who came back did
so of their own volition as the clock
strikes closer to midnight the man on
the street gets closer and closer to
freezing to death why did you join us in
the games gihon asks i just wanted to
feel something one last time before i
expired dang this guy had me fooled into
rooting for him just so he could have
some fun that's cold old man almost as
cold as the man on the street who by now
is covered in snow right before the
clock strikes midnight the man who
almost helped him earlier comes back
with the police hurrah he is saved as
the clock chimes the tumor finally
overtakes the boomer as he flatlines
clearly he is a sore loser after that
fiasco gihon finally decides to use his
money first he drips himself out
completing his transformation to
protagonist by getting some serious
anime hair then he somehow finds sabio's
brother and takes him to sangwoo's mom
asking her to take care of him she
accepts and he gives her a suitcase for
the child she expects her to be closed
inside but instead finds a crap ton of
money and there's a note that reads this
is the money i owe sengwoo good guy
giehun later he gets off a subway train
and spots a familiar businessman
slapping away terrified he races for the
businessman but finds that he's already
got it on the train he then turns to the
other man who has a brown card in his
hand giehun snatches the card from the
guy and gives him a nice talking too
later gehun is about to board a flight
to the us to see his daughter but he
stops hesitating slowly he pulls out his
phone and makes a call if you wish to
play state your name and birthdate give
an obliges before saying i'm not a horse
i am a person i want to know how you can
do such horrible things to people on the
other end frontman answers the phone
board that playing player 456 for your
own good giehun now a certified badass
hangs up and turns around walking away
from his plane huh guess he's gonna go
kick some butt hey guys hope you enjoyed
the video i know i'm pretty late to the
squid game trend but
i don't give up